feat: add integration documentation (#274)
babylonlabs-io/networks: bbn-1/integration/staking-backend.md

# Operating a Bitcoin Staking Backend

In this document we describe a reference tech stack employed by Babylon for a

> back-end service that collects information about the babylon staking system from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
back-end service that collects information about the Babylon staking system from
```

Bitcoin and processes unbonding requests performed by users.
The entirety or part of this tech stack can be employed by staking providers
to build Bitcoin Staking applications.

This graphic demonstrates the architecture of the reference staking
back-end tech stack. In the following sections, we will go through the
components involved in more detail.
![Architecture](./assets/system-detailed.png)

## External Components

### Bitcoin

Bitcoin serves as the decentralized ledger that stores and orders the staking
transactions for the lock-only network.

The system defines a set of
[global parameters](../parameters) that specify what constitutes a valid
staking transaction that the system recognizes. Transactions that are on
Bitcoin and adhere to the staking parameters are considered as valid staking
transactions.

### Staking Transactions

The system defines three types of transactions:
- *Staking* which creates new stake by locking BTC in the self-custodial

>   Bitcoin Staking contract,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Bitcoin Staking script,
```

> - *Unbonding* which unbonds stake from the Bitcoin staking contract before the locking expires, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Unbonding* which unbonds stake from the Bitcoin staking script before the locking expires, and
```

> - *Withdraw* which extracts unlocked/unbonded stake to any wallet address specified by the staker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Withdraw* which extracts unlocked/unbonded stake to the staker's address.
```

> The full spec of the staking transactions can be found

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full spec of the transactions involved in the Bitcoin staking protocol can be found
```

> [here](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/babylon/blob/main/docs/staking-script.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[here](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/babylon/blob/v0.9.x/docs/staking-script.md).
```

> [here](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/babylon/blob/a8c9d27ab1d489eb55c23cbb2c75b87e1a85afdb/docs/staking-script.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[here](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/babylon/releases/tag/v0.9.1).
```
Guess we can use a tagged version

Participants of the system can create staking transactions either through the
staking dApp or the staker CLI:
- The [Staking dApp](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/simple-staking/tree/main)
  is a user-friendly application allowing users to create, sign, and submit
  staking transactions to the Bitcoin ledger.
  It can either be built directly inside the Bitcoin wallet or can connect
  to a wallet. It communicates with a back-end service (described later) that
  has access to an unbonding pipeline in order to submit unbonding requests.

> - The [Staker CLI](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/btc-staker/tree/main)

Reviewer: Let's point to v0.5.x

  is a command line tool for power users that want full control
  on how their staking transaction is constructed. Stakers utilize the CLI to
  construct Bitcoin staking transactions and are responsible for signing them
  through a wallet of their choice and submitting them to the Bitcoin ledger or
  the Staking API service in the case of unbonding.

One could also build their own staking application and interact with the staking backend.

### Covenant Emulation Committee

The covenant emulation committee is a set of entities responsible for approving
on-demand unbonding requests. The members of the committee operate a

> [covenant signer](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/covenant-signer/tree/main)

Reviewer: Let's use v0.2.x

program which involves a server that accepts requests that contain unbonding
requests that require the covenant emulator’s signature.
If the requests are valid, then the signature is returned in the response.
The covenant signer servers are contacted by a back-end unbonding pipeline
(described later) which collects their signatures before forwarding the fully
signed transaction to Bitcoin.
Note that the unbonding transaction requires the staker's signature, so the
covenant committee cannot consume the staking transaction
without the staker's approval.

The list of covenant emulation committee members is a global parameter, and the

> signer servers are shared among all instances of the staking back-ends.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signer servers can be accessed from all instances of the staking back-ends.
```

> ## Back-End Staking System Components

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Backend Staking System Components
```

> ### [Staking Indexer](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/staking-indexer)

Reviewer: Let's point to the `v0.{minor}.x` branches in those links?
